It was after midnight.
Every girl knows that singer.
Do you realize what time it is?
It seems like her style.
Can I talk to them for a minute?
Not everyone got along.
You've made them unhappy.
How did you like the food at that restaurant?
They do that to everyone.
The school should do away with uniforms.
It wasn't so simple.
Do you really think that I will simply watch you walk into trouble? I'd close my eyes.
She's every bit an English lady.
Replace it.
Have you bought any new clothes lately?
No matter what you do you must follow the right path.
I'm here looking for them.
He entered my room without permission.
Tom has very liberal views.
I'd like to buy a good dictionary.
The trains leave at two-hour intervals.
They give concerts here in the summer.
A man standing on the cliff was about to commit suicide by jumping into the void.
I'm just getting started.
But the farmer was kind to him and taught him a lot.
I was captured.
It will only take a few minutes.
Andy can be the farmer!
Three of a kind.
I am only too glad to hear that all of them are safe and sound in the rescue boat.
Bitterness and revenge are not part of my character. Life's too short. One shouldn't spend time on bitterness and revenge.
I'm gonna leave him a tip.
I'm not going outside.
I've been meaning to talk to Tom about that.
I have no choice but to go.
I bear in mind that misfortunes never come singly.
Tom was great.
We were friends.
Tom laughed out loud.
Tom put his coffee mug on the picnic table.
Tom seems a little overdressed today.
I'm just thinking about your reputation.
Tom is not my favorite person.
In other words, he is a man of faith.
Cut up my food for me.
Tom was immediately concerned.
Now, can we please change the subject?
I had no difficulty in finding his house.
That girl has become a woman.
She made a fuss about her benefits.
That's a sort of exploration challenge.
We import a large quantity of food.
But when I tried to turn the shower faucet, this black bubbly liquid came out.
I'm in the middle of my birthday party.
Make sure you tell Tom everything.
I did it in a couple of days.
I can't stop thinking about what I saw.
Copernicus studied mathematics and astronomy at the University of Krakow.
I was almost killed.
The delegates voted immediately.
Renting a car was the best option.
I think it's time to write one more letter to my mother.
Should I try to talk to her?
I wish Tom would smile more often.
Speaking French isn't easy.
What color is the far right ring on the Olympic flag?
I often wonder if he'll suddenly appear at that coffee shop on the corner.
Not wanting to boast but I've never got better than a 3 on my report card for home economics. Out of 10 that is.
I don't get paid to do this.
I wish I could see her again.
Tom was in a bad mood yesterday.
Tom passed a glass of milk to Mary.
I needed to talk to them.
These are boys and those are girls.
Tom doesn't even care.
Tom read the entire book in three hours.
Would you like to join us?
Tom sent me a thank you note.
Tom looks like he's going to pass out.
She always walks with a light step.
I wouldn't be that optimistic if I were you.
Please stay away from him.
Oh! Show it to me please.
Tom felt Mary trembling against him.
We got a powerful tool.
He's a heavy drinker.
The police are looking for suspects.
This place is suitable for swimming.
She can understand everything I am saying.
We'll stay with him.
What colour are they?
I want you to bring Tom.
This soup is really delicious, right?
I ate curry rice last night.
I bought her a clock.
I heard that Tom doesn't swim very often.
You spend too much time with him.
Is it morally wrong to eat the meat from some animals, but not other animals?
Love conquers hate.
How bad is the pain?
Opinions are not facts.
It is snowing now.
Unless you turn the radio off, I will go mad.
What kind of mileage do you get on this thing?
Tom was very hardworking.
Another thing to consider is the quality of the materials, knots, and dyes in the carpet.
The autumn is here.
Glass is made from sand.
Tom filled the pool with water.
I had no other choice.
I think this book is worth reading.
Tom, there's something you need to know.
A bridge gives access to the island.
She is at her wit's end with her son. He sometimes does not come home until 3 or 4 a.m.
I wish I were by your side.
Tom is a thug.
I'm exhausted. I'm going to bed.
She has two sisters. They live in Kyoto.
They did me a great wrong.
I think I have tendonitis.
Is this a river?
I promised Tom I wouldn't say anything.
You don't owe her anything.
Want to know?
A bilateral salpingectomy, which is the surgical removal of both Fallopian tubes, will result in sterility.
As he often tells lies, he is not to be relied on.
And the tea isn't good either.
Tom did well for a beginner.
Which do you like better, skating or skiing?
I'm drunk, but I can still speak German.
I wrote a wrong address on the envelope.
When you finish eating that, come back for more.
As soon as I can get my son to scan our family photos, I'll upload some of them to our website.
I pointed out that we needed more money for the poor.
Those 4 degrees meant that 30 percent of the land area of the world was covered in ice.
I'm sure it could be arranged.
Tom had the grim task of identifying Mary's body.
That could've hit me.
That's what I've always said.
You loved Boston, didn't you?
Tom took back what he had said about me.
I have no regrets for what I have done.
By the way, I saw Tom last night.
His remark made my recollect my schooldays.
I'm going to lay you down in the green grass underneath that big old oak tree and then carve our initials into its trunk.
He hurried to the house only to find that it was empty.
I have no sexual desire.
Who else was at the party?
Have you ever repaired a TV?
I'd like to see Tom now.
I assume this is what you're looking for.
The wind is cold today.
We export various kinds of computers all over the globe.
The two sides signed a peace treaty.
Tom was generous.
What is the total amount?
Tom had a choice.
I don't know if I should stay or run.
I asked Tom why.
They don't like their steaks thin.
She was determined to make everything work.
It takes more than a day to master a trade.
Is the audience listening?
My cat loves scratching my waterbed.
In short, it is because the 'plan.doc' file I attached in the previous email was infected with a virus.
Thank you for agreeing to help me.
Our delay was due to traffic congestion.
I never should've trusted him.
I'm here to talk about her.
Why don't you come visit us?
He dedicated his book to his wife.
Tom has always been stubborn.
They're just lazy.
I want to see the land and the sun.
He knows better than to spend all his money on horse racing.
You're going to have to work with Tom.
I thought you might want to read this.
I kept it locked in my top desk drawer.
Food and drink are not permitted in the library.
Korean is a puzzling language to learn, isn't it?
They talked together like old friends.
It's useless to translate things that people don't want to say.
I had my camera repaired at that shop.
I'm going to be a father.
It is 7:45.
Her hair hung in neat coils.
Tom was taken into custody.
What're you reading?
Can I have some milk and cookies?
I have a problem I think you can help me solve.
I didn't like him much, in fact I hated him.
I wish I had known about this when I was a kid.
What did Bell invent?
He hid his toys under the bed.
If it'll help, I'll go talk to Tom.
Finish your education first.
I'll only talk to them.
I've started to learn French.
What were you talking to Tom about?
I told them I was busy.